Increase default string size to 1024 (#3371)
bpftrace/bpftrace: man/adoc/bpftrace.adoc

=== max_strlen

Default: 1024

> The maximum length (in bytes) for strings created by `str()`.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The maximum length (in bytes) for strings created by `str()` and `buf()`.
```

Author: and path() too

> This limit is necessary in order to size buffers data must be staged in before they can be interacted with.

Reviewer: Sorry, now you got me in editing mode. I won't block but how about
```suggestion
This limit is necessary because BPF requires the size of all program strings to be declared up front. This is the size for all string variables in bpftrace unless specified at the call site.
```

Author: Edited a little to account for the other types, but overall taken
